your advances we place where the beng
melea national natural
mine's race
my name's Joe I play guitar piano and
try to sing Alexander and I play the
drums and try singing but that won't
like me I'm David the play bass and he
sings he dresses like some a Spaniard
it's broken and the funniest was up
birth show at the Sandringham Hotel and
Joel's playing piano and I was getting
into but he kind of actually keeps you
caught and half of his own half his
piano because I'm flying across the room
not the stage and it was a Spartan is
completely dead all the songs we tried
to fix it to can reach tried talking to
the crowd that didn't work at all they
just weren't interested yeah Rory we're
pretty pretty awkward people think we
because of a lot of lot of problems for
ourselves on stage so that pretty much
every year yes nothing of yours right
we've implanted bands for years we've
got many different groups you played a
whole bunch of different styles from
punk to gothic rock that experimental
the occasional here Bob experimental F
but yeah we just kind of decided one day
that you know would be good to go to do
something a little bit more mainstream
and more accessible and just been kind
of jamming together and becoming kind of
withstand and just been that as much as
possible so we were in a band we were in
a band called
Eli with another guy and we kind of just
play like pop punk and it was New Times
you've been playing here right through
high school so right through high school
our excuse for not doing our homework
we're gonna be rock stars and without an
excuse we actually started